welcome to movie recall in today's video
we will be going through the 2015
thriller movie the boy next door
it's time to recall let's get started
turn on subtitles and spoilers ahead
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
and subscribe for more videos like these
claire peterson is on the verge of
divorcing her husband garrett after he
was caught cheating with his secretary
she kicks him out and it causes a rift
between both of them and their son kevin
claire's best friend vicki lansing
stands by her and urges her to sign the
divorce papers immediately and leave
garrett for good
for kevin's birthday garrett shows up
for dinner he invites claire and kevin
to a fishing trip following a business
trip he's taking in san francisco which
is where his affair took place
claire declines the invitation but
allows kevin to join his father
she is still very much hurt by the
deception
one day claire is getting ready to take
kevin out when their garage door gets
stuck
claire goes to push it open and is
helped by a young man named noah sanborn
he is the nephew of claire's
wheelchair-bound neighbor
noah offers to help fix the garage door
he goes with kevin to the hardware store
after they leave noah's uncle tells
claire that noah's parents died the
previous year and he is still coping
with the loss
the boys walk to the hardware store and
kevin learns that noah is going to
attend the same high school as him where
claire happens to be a teacher
after they get their stuff kevin notices
a girl from his school that works there
named ally callahan
he has a crush on her but is too nervous
around her
noah persuades him to go up and talk to
her
as kevin goes to pay noah introduces
himself to ally
moments later three punks on skateboards
led by a guy named jason zimmer come in
and harass kevin in front of ali and
noah
noah spends a lot of time with kevin
while his uncle is in the hospital and
claire invites him to have lunch with
them and vicki
claire mentions that she teaches classic
literature at school prompting noah to
quote homer and express his love for the
iliad
claire is clearly impressed by this
later noah notices a pair of stilettos
that claire keeps in a box which she
says were a gift from vicki
noah comments that the shoes are for
women who try to be sexy and that claire
doesn't need to try
he apologizes for sounding too forward
with kevin and garrett away on their
trip claire is getting ready to go out
she looks out the window and sees noah
naked in his room
he spots her watching him but she hides
behind the curtains
claire goes on a double date with vicky
and her boyfriend ethan with his buddy
cooper at a restaurant
cooper is a douchebag that insults
claire's fondness for classic literature
and calls her a firecracker when she
defends her opinion
she also notices him checking out a
waitress claire leaves the restaurant
and goes home
noah calls claire and tells her he tried
defrosting a chicken in the microwave he
asks her to come over and help him cook
it properly
she ends up going over and staying to
eat the chicken with him after they cook
it properly
noah continues to flirt with claire and
while she's interested she feels it
would be wrong
noah starts to kiss her and feel her up
leaving her unable to resist they end up
making love
the next morning claire starts to regret
what happened the previous night
she tells noah what they did was wrong
but that makes him so angry that he
punches a wall and bloodies his knuckles
kevin and garrett return from their trip
they have lunch with claire when noah
shows up moments later
claire brings in a plate of cookies and
noah asks her if she told the guys what
happened while they were gone
she says there was a big rainstorm to
which noah smugly remarks that it got
very wet over there kevin offers him a
cookie and noah responds i love your
mother's cookies
the school year begins and as claire
begins her first class the principal
comes in and tells her that noah is
joining their class since he made it
appear as though claire requested him to
transfer into her class
she realizes that he hacked her computer
kevin and noah hang out despite claire
starting to feel uncomfortable with noah
noah takes kevin to the woods with a gun
belonging to his uncle
he sets up a line of oranges and
manipulates kevin into hating his father
for cheating on claire
this is present at the dinner table when
garrett comes over and kevin yells at
him
kevin joins noah at the school gym and
he takes out his frustration on a
punching bag
kevin overexerts himself and starts to
go into shock
noah rushes to the locker and grabs
kevin's epipen
he sticks it in kevin's leg and saves
him
vicki brings claire some flowers at work
that they both believe came from garrett
claire calls him and he denies sending
anything
she figures that noah sent them and she
confronts him in the gym
a teacher notices this and sees her
shove noah
kevin goes back to the hardware store to
ask ally out to a movie she says she
can't but she would like to go with him
to the fall fling
claire and garrett go out on a date and
he starts to get handsy with her she is
still upset over the affair but garrett
truly wants to start fresh
noah notices all this and he angrily
confronts claire about it the next
morning
kevin catches them and since he's still
upset with his parents he rides to
school with noah
jason and his buddies go over to kevin
and bug him kevin steps up to confront
jason when noah comes in and kicks jason
into the locker before repeatedly
slamming his head against it
vicky runs in to break up the fight only
to get shoved by noah
he is pulled off by a bigger teacher
noah is sent to the principal's office
where vicky who is the vice principal
says the school never got noah's
transcript from his previous school
because he was kicked out for disorderly
conduct
in response noah calls her a dried-up
dirty [ __ ] [ __ ]
vicky raises her hand to strike him but
he catches it he leaves as she tries to
expel him
claire chaperones the fall fling and
leaves kevin with ally
ally tells claire about a leak in the
boy's bathroom
she goes to turn the sink off and sees
in big letters on the wall i [ __ ]
claire peterson
noah emerges from the darkness and tries
to force himself on claire only to get
kicked in the balls
she tells him to stay away from her and
kevin
the next day claire's students are
locked out of the class
she opens the door and looks inside to
see something awful
she leaves her students outside and
finds hundreds of pictures all over the
classroom showing her and noah making
love with even more being printed out
claire unplugs the printer and
frantically tries to get rid of the
pictures as the principal shows up
she opens the door for the students to
come in
the principal expresses his concern over
claire's recent behavior and tells her
of what he heard regarding her
confrontation with noah in the gym
garrett picks kevin up from school to
drive his car home
kevin drives it angrily still resentful
towards his dad he goes way too fast and
is unable to stop since the breaks are
out kevin nearly hits two cars until
garrett helps him swerve into a row of
water containers on the road
claire returns home and sees the dent in
garrett's car
he and kevin don't tell claire what
happened and assure her that they're
both fine
she finds them watching tv with noah
he follows her into the kitchen where
she tells him about the photos he tells
her he took a video of their night
together and if she wants it she has to
go to his house
claire does go over later that night but
noah promises to give the video only if
she continues sleeping with him
she refuses and leaves
claire tells vicki everything and asks
for her help she tells claire to get
into noah's house and find the tape
herself
noah follows what he thinks is claire's
car only to see vicky
he turns his car around prompting vicky
to call claire just as she is breaking
into noah's house
she finds the camera hidden behind a
clock above the fireplace she walks into
the basement and finds hundreds of
pictures of herself all over the walls
claire looks into noah's laptop and
finds the video in picture files she
trashes all of it and then spots two
other files with pictures of breaks
implying that noah was the one who cut
the brakes out of garrett's car as well
as from a minivan
claire goes back upstairs and is
startled when noah's uncle shows up she
runs back home
claire meets with a detective and learns
that noah's parents were killed in a car
accident after his dad swerved into a
truck
she is taken to the remains of the car
and figures it's the same minivan listed
in noah's laptop
at home claire calls vicki and is
startled where the door gets banged on
she thinks it's noah and vicky tells
claire to go to her house with kevin
the door opens up and it's just kevin
after the ladies hang out vicky gets
knocked over the head by noah
noah calls kevin and invites him over to
vicky's house
he has vicki tied up and gagged while he
calls claire and uses a recording of
vicky's voice to have her come over
claire arrives at vicki's house
it's dark and the lights have been cut
claire gets frightened by vicky's cat
and stumbles against the closet which
opens up and drops out vicki's dead body
noah slashed her throat
claire screams and runs out of the house
she calls the police right as noah finds
her and pulls her out of the car
she tells him she knows he killed his
parents noah says that he loved his
mother but she killed herself after his
father cheated on her and he cut the
brakes of the minivan to kill his father
and the mistress
noah takes claire to a barn house where
he has both garrett and kevin tied up
noah threatens to kill them both unless
claire agrees to stay with him
she grabs a wrench and whacks him with
it she runs over to kevin and tries to
untie him until noah gets up and pulls
claire away
he grabs some kerosene and throws it all
around garrett and kevin
he takes out the lighter when claire
pushes him and makes him drop it
igniting the kerosene
the barnhouse starts to go up in flames
garrett gets himself loose and wraps the
rope on his wrists around noah's throat
noah gets his gun and shoots garrett
once in the chest
claire takes kevin's epipen and jabs
noah's eye
she tries to go back and untie kevin but
noah continues to fight her
kevin breaks the rope and whacks noah
with a block of wood and noah pushes him
off
he aims his gun at kevin and says that
sometimes heroes need to make difficult
choices
claire calls noah and says you're no
hero before pulling a switch that drops
an engine on noah to finally kill him
claire and kevin pull garrett up and
walk out of the burning barn house
the paramedics and police arrive on the
scene they wheel garrett into the
ambulance with claire and kevin riding
by his side
she continues to assure garrett
everything will be okay and that they're
finally going home
thanks for watching please like
subscribe and click the bell icon to get
new movie recaps